refactor: Update context languageIdChain types (#6046)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-01-07-update-context-language-id-chain-types.md

---
title: Update context languageIdChain types

> issue: NEXT-00000

Reviewer: you can leave this out

Author: Will result in: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/actions/runs/12665873819/job/35296266293?pr=6046

Reviewer: ah okay, you can also reference a GitHub issue. 

such Jira ticket format does not make sense anymore

Reviewer: I guess for this, we can wait until https://github.com/shopware/shopware/pull/6045 is merged

Author: Fixed

author: Benjamin Wittwer
author_email: benjamin.wittwer@a-k-f.de
author_github: akf-bw
---
# Core

> * Changed `Shopware\Core\Framework\Context` to only accept a `languageId Chain` parameter of type `non-empty-list<string>` to prevent passing empty lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `Shopware\Core\Framework\Context` to only accept a `languageIdChain` parameter of type `non-empty-list<string>` to prevent passing empty lists
```
